these are the names that define our
world the artists who shaped our minds
the rebels who challenged our views but
of all these legends there is one that
stands above all others I'm sorry did
someone say my name
what's the secret that's the secret I
think you just gotta find something you
love to do and then do it for the rest
of your life for me it's going to rush
my sharp old guy he's one of the worst
students we've got we're putting you on
what we call sudden-death academic
probation could I see some documentation
on that please did you invite that kid
near party max Fischer come on dad
there's gonna be girls there I'd rather
die maybe I'm spending too much of my
time starting up the clubs and putting
on face
it's time only kiss me little one
I said probably trying harder to score
chicks I like your hat you're a teacher
here aren't you I'm so glad you could
come
I want you to meet a friend of mine
pizza Flynn Max Fisher all right
who's this guy has it ever crossed your
mind that your thoughts on me I like a
nurse's uniform guy these are our scrubs
Oh are they I always see in her I don't
think she's right for you hey Alan how
are you rosemary I know about you and a
teacher max No
it's about 5:43 112 pounds glasses in
there you and Haman deserve each other
Dubai's little children war does funny
things to men well you'll find a pair of
safety glasses and some earplugs
underneath your seats please feel free
to use them
[Music]
what do you think of Max's latest opus
it's good but let's hope it it's got a
happy ending
[Music]
Rushmore thank you very much
you
[Music]